README.md, before:

# [codeTimer](https://github.com/zogorn/codeTimer)
Aim to help web developers to calculate the actual coding time on their projects.
Take the title **_TIMER_** of the website and store it locally make you able to close the browser and start again at any time.


***


## Version
Congratulations we just release our `1.0.0` version.


### How To Use
+ You will find the codeTimer at the bottom right corner just hover it.
+ Press **Start** to start the timer.
+ press **Pause** to pause it.
+ Press **Save** to save the current time and enables you to close the browser and come back at any time.
+ You will find the timer session on the **Tab Name** on your browser.
+ To delete the local storage `localStorage.clear()` at the console.


***


## Quick Start
You can choose from one of the bellow options:
+ [Download the latest version](https://github.com/zogorn/codeTimer/archive/master.zip)
+ Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/zogorn/codeTimer.git`
+ Add the script from CDN :

  `<script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/zogorn/codeTimer/55bcefd7/codeTimer.min.js"></script>`


***


## Copyright and license
Copyright (C) 2017 **_zogorn_**. Code released under dual license, [the MIT license](https://github.com/zogorn/codeTimer/blob/master/LICENSE) with the below notice.

You have full freedom in the use of this product in any purpose but is not contrary to the teachings  
mentioned in [The Holy Quran](http://quran.ksu.edu.sa/index.php?l=en#aya=1_1&m=hafs&qaree=husary&trans=en_sh).

Commit message:

improve UX make the timer showing at startup

README.md, after:

# [codeTimer](https://github.com/zogorn/codeTimer)
Aim to help web developers to calculate the actual coding time on their projects.
Take the title **_TIMER_** of the website and store it locally make you able to close the browser and start again at any time.


***


## Version
Congratulations we just release our `1.0.1` version.
```
+ Improve the UX and make the codeTimer appear at startup and after click or hover take opacity
```


### How To Use
+ You will find the codeTimer at the bottom right corner just hover it.
+ Press **Start** to start the timer.
+ press **Pause** to pause it.
+ Press **Save** to save the current time and enables you to close the browser and come back at any time.
+ You will find the timer session on the **Tab Name** on your browser.
+ To delete the local storage `localStorage.clear()` at the console.


***


## Quick Start
You can choose from one of the bellow options:
+ [Download the latest version](https://github.com/zogorn/codeTimer/archive/master.zip)
+ Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/zogorn/codeTimer.git`
+ Add the script from CDN :

  `<script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/zogorn/codeTimer/55bcefd7/codeTimer.min.js"></script>`


***


## Copyright and license
Copyright (C) 2017 **_zogorn_**. Code released under dual license, [the MIT license](https://github.com/zogorn/codeTimer/blob/master/LICENSE) with the below notice.

You have full freedom in the use of this product in any purpose but is not contrary to the teachings  
mentioned in [The Holy Quran](http://quran.ksu.edu.sa/index.php?l=en#aya=1_1&m=hafs&qaree=husary&trans=en_sh).
